index.md, before:

---
layout: default
---

# Custom Games and Pinball Cabinets

<img src="/assets/images/FreedomDawgBuilds.png" width="250" style="display:inline-block; margin: 0 20px 20px 0; float: left" />

Unlock the power of play! Score your success with a custom pinball game. It isn’t just entertainment—it’s a strategic move.

For business. For personal. 

[Learn More](./custom_games.html)

Brand amplification. Memorable milestones. Engagement magnet. Nostalgic impact.

Custom game development. Digital pinball cabinet assembly. Support services. Buy or rent.


<hr style="clear: left; margin: 4em 0" />

# Free Virtual Pinball Games

---

## [American Country Pinball](./american_country.html) ##

<img src="/assets/images/American Country Wheel.png" width="150" style="display:inline-block; margin: 0 20px 20px 0; float: left" />



Country Music themed pinball game 

[Learn More](./american_country.html) details and downloads

[VPUniverse download](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/18381-american-country-vpx/)

Includes 12+ full country music songs!

<hr style="clear: left" />


## [J6 Insurrection Pinball](./j6insurrection_pinball.html) ##

<img src="/assets/images/J6 Insurrection.png" width="150"  style="display:inline-block; margin: 0 20px 20px 0; float: left" />

Experience the truth around the events of Jan 6 through this playable pinball table 

[Learn More](./j6insurrection_pinball.html) details and downloads

[Download files](https://drive.google.com/open?id=1-4TTwENX0uT4GfNnp1fkNy2gPNb6QrIf&usp=drive_fs)

Trump fans will love it!

<hr style="clear: left" />


## OppScore Pinball

<img src="/assets/images/OppScore Pinball.png" width="150" style="display:inline-block; margin: 0 20px 20px 0; float: left" />

A tribute to the non-partisen Opportunity Score political credit rating system from [GO USA](https://go-usa.us/)

[Download files](https://drive.google.com/open?id=1-NqXJGA4vKT2guQFSnyx8PZGBr89Swn1&usp=drive_fs)

"The First Political Credit Rating System"


<hr style="clear: left" />
---

Contact: [freedomdawg76@gmail.com](mailto:freedomdawg76@gmail.com)


> "Fighting the culture wars with balls of steel"


Virtual pinball games are free, open source, non-commercial projects. Please contact me about download details for personal use.

Commit message:

add atlas shrugged coming soon

index.md, after:

---
layout: default
---

# Custom Games and Pinball Cabinets

<img src="/assets/images/FreedomDawgBuilds.png" width="250" style="display:inline-block; margin: 0 20px 20px 0; float: left" />

Unlock the power of play! Score your success with a custom pinball game. It isn’t just entertainment—it’s a strategic move.

For business. For personal. 

[Learn More](./custom_games.html)

Brand amplification. Memorable milestones. Engagement magnet. Nostalgic impact.

Custom game development. Digital pinball cabinet assembly. Support services. Buy or rent.


<hr style="clear: left; margin: 4em 0" />

# Free Virtual Pinball Games

---

<!-- ## [Atlas Shrugged Pinball](./atlas_shrugged.html) ## -->
## Atlas Shrugged Pinball (COMING SOON)

<img src="/assets/images/atlas shrugged wheel.png" width="150" style="display:inline-block; margin: 0 20px 20px 0; float: left" />


For fans of the Ayn Rand libertarian science fiction novel, Atlas Shrugged. Experience key elements of the story and profound quotes from Atlas Shrugged. 

WARNING: May include spoilers.

<!-- [Learn More](./american_country.html) details and downloads -->

<!-- [VPUniverse download](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/18381-american-country-vpx/) -->

<!-- Includes 12+ full country music songs! -->

<hr style="clear: left" />



## [American Country Pinball](./american_country.html) ##

<img src="/assets/images/American Country Wheel.png" width="150" style="display:inline-block; margin: 0 20px 20px 0; float: left" />


Country Music themed pinball game 

[Learn More](./american_country.html) details and downloads

[VPUniverse download](https://vpuniverse.com/files/file/18381-american-country-vpx/)

Includes 12+ full country music songs!


<hr style="clear: left" />


## [J6 Insurrection Pinball](./j6insurrection_pinball.html) ##

<img src="/assets/images/J6 Insurrection.png" width="150"  style="display:inline-block; margin: 0 20px 20px 0; float: left" />

Experience the truth around the events of Jan 6 through this playable pinball table 

[Learn More](./j6insurrection_pinball.html) details and downloads

[Download files](https://drive.google.com/open?id=1-4TTwENX0uT4GfNnp1fkNy2gPNb6QrIf&usp=drive_fs)

Trump fans will love it!

<hr style="clear: left" />


## OppScore Pinball

<img src="/assets/images/OppScore Pinball.png" width="150" style="display:inline-block; margin: 0 20px 20px 0; float: left" />

A tribute to the non-partisen Opportunity Score political credit rating system from [GO USA](https://go-usa.us/)

[Download files](https://drive.google.com/open?id=1-NqXJGA4vKT2guQFSnyx8PZGBr89Swn1&usp=drive_fs)

"The First Political Credit Rating System"


<hr style="clear: left" />
---

Contact: [freedomdawg76@gmail.com](mailto:freedomdawg76@gmail.com)


> "Fighting the culture wars with balls of steel"


Virtual pinball games are free, open source, non-commercial projects. Please contact me about download details for personal use.
